There are some changes I would like to see to the United States federal
government.

Here are some scattered notes, digitized so I won't lose them to the
increasingly-tattered piece of paper they've resided on for the last year or
two.

I'm not solid on all of these - I believe they need some work. Just my current
vague thoughts on how to improve things.

Supreme Court is practically an oligarchy. How to fix that?

- Justices are elected, not appointed

- Justices terms are limited

- Judicial review may strike down laws but not introduce new ones or
  significantly alter interpretation of existing ones

- Judicial review revisions to law go through the usual legislative veto
  process, allowing Congress a shot at vetoing as well (2/3rds majority or
  whatever it is right now for overturning a Presidential veto?)

Washington is run by politicians, which is a terrible state of things.

- Limit officeholders to governing X man-hours. Local mayors of small towns can
  be in for a long time, but being a Senator or a President means only a small
  fraction of your lifetime can be spent in the job - you can't be in the job
  long enough to learn to abuse the power and influence effectively, is the
  hope. Gotta work out the formula - probably something about percentage of
  country's man-hours governed?

It's impossible for anyone but a major-party candidate to get any meaningful
attention. So:

- All ballots are write-in. Allow assistants for illiterate citizens if they
  request it, but require a literate witness to verify the assistant is
  following the voter's dictation. If a candidate cares about their candidacy
  enough to worry about name collisions, they should register a unique
  identifier with the FEC and publicize it to their supporters. Ballots would
  offer an optional field next to candidate name for this purpose (labeled
  something like "Additional identifying information").

The country is massively in debt and it just keeps getting more so.

- Federal budget is defined to be X% of the previous fiscal year's GDP. And now
  the tax code is by definition just an X% VAT (if that means what I believe it
  does). Until the debt is gone, require some Y% (which is < X) to be spent
  paying down the debt.
